Added lint local code command (#1710)
databrickslabs/ucx: README.md

[[back to top](#databricks-labs-ucx)]

## `lint-local-code` command

```text
databricks labs ucx lint-local-code
```

> Once [table migration](#table-migration-workflow) is complete, you can run this command to 

Reviewer: Does it require the table migration to have run? It could also run before, right? I would recommend users to do so

Author: done

assess all migrations required in a local directory or a file. It only takes seconds to run and it
gives you an initial overview of what needs to be migrated without actually performing any migration.

> This command detects all dependencies, and analyzes them. It is still experimental and at the moment only supports Python and SQL files.

Reviewer 2: can you attach the example of command to PR description and/or documentation? it's not clear how results look like and how to interpret them.

Author: added to the PR. I believe it's self-explanatory ?

> On the `ucx` code base, it takes only a few seconds to run. It should take even less with your code base. 

Reviewer: IMHO: the tone of voice is off. I would rewrite it to something like: "We expect this command to run within a minute on code bases up to 50.000 lines of code."

Author: done

> Future versions of `ucx` will add support for more source types, and more migration details.

Author: done

[[back to top](#databricks-labs-ucx)]

## `lint-local-code` command

```text
databricks labs ucx lint-local-code
```

At any time, you can run this command to assess all migrations required in a local directory or a file. It only takes seconds to run and it
gives you an initial overview of what needs to be migrated without actually performing any migration. A great way to start a migration!

This command detects all dependencies, and analyzes them. It is still experimental and at the moment only supports Python and SQL files.
We expect this command to run within a minute on code bases up to 50.000 lines of code.

> Future versions of `ucx` will add support for more source types, and more migration details.

Reviewer 2: Please add output example and How to interpret it

Author: done

## `migrate-local-code` command

> [[back to top](#databricks-labs-ucx)]

Reviewer 2: Has to be at the end of the previous section, not in the beginning of this section

Author: Wild paste... fixed

databricks labs ucx lint-local-code
```

> At any time, you can run this command to assess all migrations required in a local directory or a file. It only takes seconds to run and it
> gives you an initial overview of what needs to be migrated without actually performing any migration. A great way to start a migration!

Reviewer: More consistent tone of voice with the other commands.

```suggestion
This command assesses code migrations required for UC compatibility. At any time, a local directory or file can be linted without performing any migration. We expect this command to run within a minute on code bases up to 50.000 lines of code.
```

This command detects all dependencies, and analyzes them. It is still experimental and at the moment only supports Python and SQL files.

> We expect this command to run within a minute on code bases up to 50.000 lines of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
